oh hi there Dan average from one of
sorts calm and you know I haven't gotten
a chance to do an unboxing video yet but
the team at Cabela's gave me the
opportunity today this is going to be
the Topshop Elite which is the new light
gun that comes with Cabela's dangerous
puns 2011 you may have seen this for the
Wii they put it out last year was a big
hit you put the Wii Remote into the
shell this time is its own fully
independent wireless controller for both
360 and ps3 now this is the final unit
it's going to look a little bit prettier
when it gets to the stores but this is
actually straight from the factory this
is how we get them it comes with
instructions obviously that's a good
idea but you know what I'm going to kind
of walk you through it anyway so it
doesn't really matter today four main
parts to the Cabela's Top Shop Elite the
boring one first this is the sensor bar
without the sensor bar gun doesn't know
where you're shooting you put it either
on top or below your television sort of
just like the the Wii version of this
has a power button on the side and a
little timeout button switch for 1 hour
2 hour 3 hour that's when it goes to
sleep if you want to play for an hour
set it to an hour if you want to play
for 2 hours turns itself off whenever
you want it to turn itself off to
double-a batteries in there to double-a
batteries also go in the top shot elite
itself down here at the bottom of the
grip this has everything that a regular
controller has but more firepower back
here at the thumb is the right analog
stick and because this is the
PlayStation 3 version of the gun the X
and O buttons those are the a and B
buttons I think on the 360 edition up
here where you put your your other hand
is the other analog stick and the square
button and then the triangle button and
the d-pad rest underneath your fingers
just below the shotgun pump over here
you have the Select and start buttons
and the PlayStation logo button that
takes you to the menu also the four
little LEDs that tell you which gun this
is and the in the scope of your ps3 and
then it's synced up correctly are down
there hidden at the back so you can see
them when you're looking down the gun
this little plastic black doohickey here
is actually a safety release for the
stock can't have a proper hunting gun
without a stock so stock itself is it
just
once you get it on there you have
several different settings so you figure
out which ever one is most comfortable
for you when you're playing the game
what is a hunting rifle without a scope
not as much fun top shot elite comes
with a scope you can adjust where you
want it to be down the travel on the
barrel of the gun
make it sync up with these stock as you
see fit there are snow-like LEDs there's
no night vision or anything what there
is is a red lens and a tube and some
crosshairs printed on it so when you're
looking at the TV screen it filters out
the color and you can just focus on
exactly what your target is the outline
of your prey the way a real hunter would
so that's pretty much it it's very
adjustable it's lightweight it feels
pretty comfortable it was a really big
hit on Wii last year so it's new for 360
and ps3 this year comes out October 26th
as part of a bundle with dangerous ones
2011 for the low low price of $79.90 all
tricked out and you do get a chance to
get hands-on and try the brand new top
shot elite for yourself for free and
it's fun what else are you doing this
weekend right so for more information
one a source com I'll keep you posted on
the latest with dangerous hunts 2011 and
until then I'm gonna go do some shootin
I hope they announced Cabela's zombie
hunter